customize Magento admin logo (#4674)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.1/frontend-dev-guide/themes/admin_theme_create.md

To override it, in your theme directory, create a `web/images` sub-directory, and add your custom file named `magento-logo.svg`. 
If you want to use the file with other name and/or format, you need to additionally declare it as described in [Declaring theme logo]({{ page.baseurl }}/frontend-dev-guide/themes/theme-create.html#logo_declare).

> To update Admin theme logo, take the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To customize the Admin theme logo:
```

> 1. After you create admin theme then You can customize Magento admin logo.

Reviewer: This is not a step. It is a statement. Remove it.

Reviewer: @abrarpathan19, this is the third time I'm asking you to make the same revision. It is not an efficient use of time.

Reviewer: The requested revision is to delete line 79.

> 2. Create a new `xml` in theme named `app/design/adminhtml/<Vendor>/<theme>/Magento_Backend/layout/admin_login.xml`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create a new XML file in the theme named `app/design/adminhtml/<Vendor>/<theme>/Magento_Backend/layout/admin_login.xml`. 
```

>  Use following example in `admin_login.xml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add the following sample code to the new file.
```

>  ```xml

Reviewer: This code block needs to be indented 4 spaces.

<page xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" layout="admin-login" xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:magento:framework:View/Layout/etc/page_configuration.xsd">
    <body>
        <referenceBlock name="logo">
            <arguments>
                <argument name="logo_image_src" xsi:type="string">images/custom-logo.svg</argument>
            </arguments>
        </referenceBlock>
    </body>
</page>
```

> 3. Place your custom logo in following directory 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Add your custom logo to the `app/design/adminhtml/<Vendor>/<theme>/web/images/` directory. 
```

>  `app/design/adminhtml/<Vendor>/<theme>/web/images/custom-logo.svg`

Reviewer: Delete this line
